Try it.
Did you see it?
For you
I kissed several of your good sisters together
Just to reunite you
I'll tell you what.
If the order cannot be delivered.
Then don't blame me
You scum
Let us go
Otherwise, Chu Feng won't let you go
Chu Feng is fucking Chu Feng again
Tell you it's not him
Abroad will not be so warm and cold
I already did it for him.
Today is his day of death
Wang Shao, rest assured.
Did you see it?
Leave it to you
This is my little gift for you.
Hahaha, I know what you're thinking.
The one named Chu Feng just has some fists and feet
As long as he dares to come
The big deal is to die together
Hey, Wang Shao
Tonight?
Brother Liu
Although the Wang family has defeated you, the Liu family is not like this
Do you have to go crazy with this lunatic?
You shut up
Send it to my father to take care of you
Did you take me seriously?
Let me tell you something.
Today, Wang Shao promised
After cleaning up Chu Feng
You are mine, even though I don't look good
But I'm gentle
I'll let you find my reason
Shameless Boss
Go ahead.
Where is the landlord list?
Try not to tell this jerk
Kill us if you can
We're not afraid of death. We're not afraid of death.
Okay, okay, since you are not afraid of death
Then I've decided
Let's send you on your way.
But before I send you on your way
Are you ready?
Bring it up.